script : Install dev env + run Navitia demo (#2786)
CanalTP/navitia: CONTRIBUTING.md

## Build Navitia

If you want to build navitia, please refer to the
[installation documentation](https://github.com/canaltp/navitia/blob/dev/install.rst).

> You can install a full development environment with helping [scripts](https://github.com/CanalTP/navitia/tree/dev/scripts), depends of your OS.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can install a full development environment with helping [scripts](https://github.com/CanalTP/navitia/tree/dev/scripts), depending on your OS.
```

> You can install a full development environment with helping [scripts](https://github.com/CanalTP/navitia/tree/dev/scripts), depending on your OS.

Reviewer 2: minor: In that file we tried to "shorten" the line, so you can:
```suggestion
You can install a full development environment with helping
[scripts](https://github.com/CanalTP/navitia/tree/dev/scripts), depending on your OS.
```

> Therefore, a [automated navitia script](https://github.com/canaltp/navitia/blob/dev/scripts/build_setup_and_run_navitia_demo.sh) is available to build, setup and run a navitia demo. Needs as a prerequisite, a dev environment setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Therefore, an [automated navitia script](https://github.com/canaltp/navitia/blob/dev/scripts/build_setup_and_run_navitia_demo.sh) is available to build, setup and run a navitia demo. It's needed as a prerequisite for a dev environment setup.
```

> Therefore, an [automated navitia script](https://github.com/canaltp/navitia/blob/dev/scripts/build_setup_and_run_navitia_demo.sh) is available to build, setup and run a navitia demo. It's needed as a prerequisite for a dev environment setup.

Reviewer 2: minor: newline in .md + newline in rendering
```suggestion
Therefore, an
[automated navitia script](https://github.com/canaltp/navitia/blob/dev/scripts/build_setup_and_run_navitia_demo.sh)
is available to build, setup and run a navitia demo.
It's needed as a prerequisite for a dev environment setup.  
```

> Kraken is build inside navitia_dir/build_release and all files for the demo are inside navitia_dir/run:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Kraken is built into navitia_dir/build_release and all demo files are available in navitia_dir/run:
```

You can install a full development environment with helping [scripts](https://github.com/CanalTP/navitia/tree/dev/scripts), depending on your OS.

Therefore, an [automated navitia script](https://github.com/canaltp/navitia/blob/dev/scripts/build_setup_and_run_navitia_demo.sh) is available to build, setup and run a navitia demo. It's needed as a prerequisite for a dev environment setup.
Kraken is built into navitia_dir/build_release and all demo files are available in navitia_dir/run:
```
navitia_dir/run/data.nav.lz4
navitia_dir/run/kraken/kraken
navitia_dir/run/kraken/kraken.init
navitia_dir/run/kraken/kraken.log
navitia_dir/run/jormungandr/default.jon
navitia_dir/run/jormungandr/jormungandr_settings.jon
navitia_dir/run/jormungandr/venv_jormungandr/
```

## Code Organisation

At the root of the repository, several directories can be found:

1. source: contains the navitia source code (c++ and python)

> 2. third_party: third party developped modules

Reviewer 2: minor: I liked that documented too (even though it's a shame to copy code nowadays).

3. documentation: all the navitia documentation

> 4. (debug|release): by convention, the build repositories

Reviewer 2: :+1: for the deletion!

> 3. release: constains [script_release.py](https://github.com/canaltp/navitia/blob/dev/release/script_release.py) to run the release process

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. release: contains [script_release.py](https://github.com/canaltp/navitia/blob/dev/release/script_release.py) to run the release process
```

Python source code in this project is formatted using [Black](https://black.readthedocs.io/en/stable/)
You should enable the pre-commit git hook to make sure it's being run before commiting your changes, it's

> also the easiest way to run Black.

Reviewer 2: Please keep the double space: it's for a newline (without new paragraph) in .md
Straightforward, isn't it? :smile: 
```suggestion
also the easiest way to run Black.  
```

Author: That's a trap...
I think, I'll start using `<br/>` instead.
This is authorised in markdown 😀
